# Introduction

Hello, dear reader.
It appears you would like to learn how to program a computer.
To do this, a great first step is to get a website up and running.
This is not very hard and you can do it very quickly.
Let's get started by using [Namecheap](https://namecheap.com) to buy a domain and a website like this one.
Once you get a domain and some of their sick as hell shared hosting, you should wait until going to that domain you bought shows a parked page.
Once this happens, the magic can begin.

## Terms, now that we had to do something
Buying a domain and some hosting on namecheap is simple enough but theres a bunch of strange words you didnt know before that are nor probably being used.
To begin, lets explain domains and hosting.

A domain is an area or territory controller by a ruler or government.
In the case of `computering.info` I am the president of computering information and own its ranges (and its growing data lake -- which borders canada but I have total maritime annexation of).
In the case of your domain, it will be quite similar.

What is hosting?
Hosting is where in the dance, someone holds your server up into the cloud.

Now these are two new terms: `server` and `cloud`.
Since wages have become so low in the service industry, servers have taken to other work on the side at hours most people do not dine.
This has resulted in them forming a cottage industry of holding thumbdrives containing websites into the cloud at very dangerous, high distances to make ends meet.
The cloud is _an actual cloud_.

So now that we have (through Namecheap's middleman-work) contracted a server to hold a thumb drive up to the cloud so that we can have a website, we can thnik about the document on the thumbdrive that will eventually be given to the server we will give to Namecheap later to hand off for us.

